[Term Entry] Java Calendar Class Method: .getDisplayName() (#3790)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/calendar/terms/getDisplayName/getDisplayName.md

Tags: 
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Calendar'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.getDisplayName()`** method of the `Calendar` class returns the string representation (display name) of the calendar field value in the given style and locale. If no string representation is applicable, null is returned.

## Syntax

```pseudo
calendarInstance.getDisplayName(calendarField, calendarStyle, locale)
```

- `calendarInstance`: An instance of a calendar.
- `calendarField`: The first parameter field, specifies the calendar field for which the display name is returned. Possible values for the field parameter include: `Calendar.MONTH`, `Calendar.DAY_OF_WEEK`, and `Calendar.YEAR`.
- `calendarStyle`: The second parameter, style, specifies the style in which the display name should be presented. Possible values for the style parameter include: `Calendar.SHORT`, and `Calendar.LONG`. They can return a short and long form of the display name, respectively.
- `locale`: The third parameter, locale, specifies the locale to display the name. Possible values for the field parameter include: `Locale.US`, `Locale.FRANCE`, `Locale.GERMANY`, etc.

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

Author: Sorry, fixed.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This code will print the name of the current month in the default locale.

```

This code will print the name of the current month in the default locale.

```java
import java.util.Calendar;
import java.util.Locale;

public class GetDisplayName {

  public static void main(String[] args) {
    // Create a Calendar object.
    Calendar calendar = Calendar.getInstance();

    // Get the display name for the month in the current locale.
    String monthName = calendar.getDisplayName(Calendar.MONTH, Calendar.SHORT, Locale.getDefault());

    // Print the month name.
    System.out.println(monthName);
  }
}

>  The output for the code above:

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

 The output for the code above:
````

Author: Thanks @SSwiniarski I got it, I will fix tomorrow!

> This code will print the name of the current month in the default locale. The output for the code above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output for the code above:
```

```shell
Oct
```

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is another example of how to use the getDisplayName() method with three parameters. The code will print the name of the current month in the French locale.
```

```java
import java.util.Calendar;
import java.util.Locale;

public class GetDisplayName {

  public static void main(String[] args) {
    // Create a Calendar object.
    Calendar calendar = Calendar.getInstance();

    // Get the display name for the month in the French locale.
    String monthName = calendar.getDisplayName(Calendar.MONTH, Calendar.LONG, Locale.FRENCH);

    // Print the month name.
    System.out.println(monthName);
  }
}
```

> Here is another example of how to use the getDisplayName() method with three parameters. The code will print the name of the current month in the French locale. Output for the code above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output for the code above:
```

---
Title: '.getDisplayName()' 
Description: 'Returns the string representation (display name) of the calender field value in the given style and locale. If no string representation is applicable, null is returned.' 
Subjects: 
  - 'Code Foundations'

>   - 'Computer Science'
>  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'Computer Science'
```

Author: I am not understanding the change here? Sorry, I am a newbie! Is it the spacing? And hey man I just realized I can't spell to save my life! I fixed the word 'calendar' ... as I had all the words spelled... 'calender' HAHHAHA, I seen you wrote it correctly as well on the Syntax header :D ty

Reviewer 2: Yes that's correct I just removed the extra line after computer science.

Tags: 
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Calender'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> 
> The **.getDisplayName()** method of the `Calender` class returns the string representation (display name) of the calender field value in the given style and locale. If no string representation is applicable, null is returned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.getDisplayName()`** method of the `Calender` class returns the string representation (display name) of the calender field value in the given style and locale. If no string representation is applicable, null is returned.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> public String getDisplayName(int field, int style, Locale locale)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
calendarInstance.getDisplayName(calendarfield, calendarstyle, locale)
```

```

```pseudo
// Create a Calendar object.
Calendar calendar = Calendar.getInstance();

// Get the display name for the month in the current locale.
String monthName = calendar.getDisplayName(Calendar.MONTH, Calendar.SHORT, Locale.getDefault());

// Print the month name.
System.out.println(monthName);

> ```

Reviewer 2: This part isn't necessary. Syntax will only consist of how the method would look in a code.

Author: Oopps sorry, thank you.

> 
> ## Parameters
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Again, I am not sure of the change here?

Reviewer 2: Removed the parameter heading. It is expected that the syntax subsection will have parameter explanation.

- `field`: The first parameter field, specifies the calender field for which the display name is returned. Possible values for the field parameter include: `Calender.MONTH`, `Calender.DAY_OF_WEEK`, `Calender.YEAR`.

- `style`: The second parameter, style, specifies the style of the display name. Possible values for the style parameter include: `Calender.SHORT` and `Calender.LONG`. Both values can either return a short or long form of the display name.

> - `locale`: The third parameter, locale, specifies the locale for which the display name is returned. Possible values for the field parameter include: `Locale.ENGLISH`, `Locale.FRENCH`, `Locale.GERMAN`.

Reviewer 2: Here, you should use the variables, and parameters from syntax to further explain them. For example:
- `calendarInstance`: Instance of a calendar

Author: Sorry about that, working on it now.

## Example

```java
import java.util.Calendar;
import java.util.Locale;

public class GetDisplayName {

  public static void main(String[] args) {
    // Create a Calendar object.
    Calendar calendar = Calendar.getInstance();

    // Get the display name for the month in the current locale.
    String monthName = calendar.getDisplayName(Calendar.MONTH, Calendar.SHORT, Locale.getDefault());

    // Print the month name.
    System.out.println(monthName);
  }
}
```

> This code will print the name of the current month in the default locale. For example, if the default locale is English, the code will print "January".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This code will print the name of the current month in the default locale.
```

Follow this with a ` ```shell ` block that displays the output of the above example.

```java
import java.util.Calendar;
import java.util.Locale;

public class GetDisplayName {

  public static void main(String[] args) {
    // Create a Calendar object.
    Calendar calendar = Calendar.getInstance();

    // Get the display name for the month in the French locale.
    String monthName = calendar.getDisplayName(Calendar.MONTH, Calendar.LONG, Locale.FRENCH);

    // Print the month name.
    System.out.println(monthName);
  }
}
```

> Here is another example of how to use the getDisplayName() method with three parameters. The code will print the name of the current month in the French locale. For example, if the current locale is French, the code will print "janvier".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is another example of how to use the getDisplayName() method with three parameters. The code will print the name of the current month in the French locale.
```

Again here add the output of the example in a ` ``` shell ` block.

---
Title: '.getDisplayName()' 
Description: 'Returns the string representation (display name) of the calendar field value in the given style and locale. If no string representation is applicable, null is returned.' 
Subjects: 
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'

>  Tags: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tags: 
```

Author: Oops sorry, fixed.

  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Calendar'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.getDisplayName()`** method of the `Calendar` class returns the string representation (display name) of the calendar field value in the given style and locale. If no string representation is applicable, null is returned.

## Syntax

```pseudo
calendarInstance.getDisplayName(calendarField, calendarStyle, locale)
```

- `calendarInstance`: An instance of a calendar.

> - `calendarField`: The first parameter field, specifies the calendar field for which the display name is returned. Possible values for the field parameter include: `Calendar.MONTH`, `Calendar.DAY_OF_WEEK`, `Calendar.YEAR`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `calendarField`: The first parameter field, specifies the calendar field for which the display name is returned. Possible values for the field parameter include: `Calendar.MONTH`, `Calendar.DAY_OF_WEEK`, and `Calendar.YEAR`.
```

Author: got it

> - `calendarStyle`: The second parameter, style, specifies the style in which the display name should be presented. Possible values for the style parameter include: `Calendar.SHORT` and `Calendar.LONG`. Both values can either return a short or long form of the display name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `calendarStyle`: The second parameter, style, specifies the style in which the display name should be presented. Possible values for the style parameter include: `Calendar.SHORT`, and `Calendar.LONG`. They can return a short and long form of the display name, respectively.
```

Author: ty

> - `locale`: The third parameter, locale, specifies the locale in which to display the name. Possible values for the field parameter include: `Locale.US`, `Locale.FRANCE`, `Locale.GERMANY`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `locale`: The third parameter, locale, specifies the locale in which to display the name. Possible values for the field parameter include: `Locale.US`, `Locale.FRANCE`, `Locale.GERMANY`, etc.
```

Author: Got it. ty

## Example

```java
import java.util.Calendar;
import java.util.Locale;

public class GetDisplayName {

  public static void main(String[] args) {
    // Create a Calendar object.
    Calendar calendar = Calendar.getInstance();

    // Get the display name for the month in the current locale.
    String monthName = calendar.getDisplayName(Calendar.MONTH, Calendar.SHORT, Locale.getDefault());

    // Print the month name.
    System.out.println(monthName);
  }
}
```

This code will print the name of the current month in the default locale.

The output for the code above:

```shell

> "January"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Oct
```

Change the month to October that way- it is easy to verify the code. Also, as it uses `.SHORT`, the displayed month will be short. The shell block should always show the code output as it is so, no double quotes.

Author: Sorry, yeah that makes sense haha

```

----

```java
import java.util.Calendar;
import java.util.Locale;

public class GetDisplayName {

  public static void main(String[] args) {
    // Create a Calendar object.
    Calendar calendar = Calendar.getInstance();

    // Get the display name for the month in the French locale.
    String monthName = calendar.getDisplayName(Calendar.MONTH, Calendar.LONG, Locale.FRENCH);

    // Print the month name.
    System.out.println(monthName);
  }
}
```

Here is another example of how to use the getDisplayName() method with three parameters. The code will print the name of the current month in the French locale.

Output for the code above:

```shell

> "Janvier"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
octobre
```

Same here.

Author: Roger that
